So now, that we've written our smart contract,
we've also written some test cases to make sure that it's working fine using more [inaudible].
Let's now write a simple front end for a DApp.
Now, with the Truffle box that we installed,
it already came with a bunch of HTML boilerplate code,
like the HTML page and the corresponding JavaScript file.
If you look over here, all these folders we looked at the contract's folder.
We looked at the migrations for little test folder.
There's another folder right here called app.
Within app, you will see that there's a scripts folder.
If you go into scripts, there's an index.js file,
and then we also have an index.html file right there.
So what we typically have to do is edit these two files.
Let's go first to the index.html files.
Everything is in the app folder.
There is a scripts folder that has the index.js
file that a script that's the index.html will require.
So, we're looking at the index.html file.
Now, of course, you can pretty much look at this one, what it's doing.
It's pretty simple. It's having a table.
Now, this is where the existing web pack module
that we installed that came with some boilerplate code.
I'm just going to delete this and just add my own.
Then, I'm also going to give you this code below this video.
I'm just going to use this.
So, again, just exactly the way it was going
a very simple HTML page over here and nothing fancy.
We are getting a script file, the app.js.
This comes from all the script files that are located in
the scripts folder and we will look at that file shortly,
and then we're giving it a title;
the StarNotary DAPP Front End.
Then, within that, we're also having some headings over here.
Then, we're also having a CSS file, the style sheet.
Again, this is all something that just came along and that makes
the truffle boxes really easy to use because it kind of a lot of boilerplate codes.
You can really focus on the coding part and the block,
and in the theory and part than just putting too much time into CSS and that stuff.
We're also creating a label for the starName,
and then calling a function in a script file to get the starName.
So, we're creating a label and then we're calling a function.
When this button is clicks on click is just a function that when onClick happens,
you're calling a function called starName,
and this is coming from an index.js file.
The same thing is happening with the starOwner over here too.
We're having a starOwner, and then we're having another button to claim the star,
so we just have three buttons on the page,
and this is what will look like.
So, that's the index.html.
Let's look at the index.js in our next video and
modify that and then we can start running a front end of the application.